For this exercise as we've just shown,
we've gone ahead and
set up a restaurantStatusList
as the single source of truth.
So we can see here with the type, right,
we have the input type, StatusList.
And here we're using that funky
little syntax where we have typeof
restaurantStatusList and the number.
And so for this particular exercise, what
I want you to do is basically mirror what
we did with dietList, where we can
maintain that as a single source
of truth rather than having that
duplicated across types and constants.
All right, hopefully, that was pretty
straightforward minus the awkward syntax.
But let's go ahead and
do that together, shall we?
So let me check out the branch for
06-finish.
So the first thing we're going to
do is we're gonna go ahead and
make sure that this is
typecast as a const.
Because otherwise, basically,
TypeScript cannot read those values.
And so
what I didn't get to capture on the last,
right before we did one of the exercises
is that, VS Code was actually yelling at
me because when I imported restaurantList,
I did not tell it was a type.
So, some of you might have seen that.
So once you add that type here,
that should resolve the issues at hand.
But this is one of the reasons why we
actually need to do this as a const bit,
because otherwise without it,
it's just an array of strings.
So this is what allows us to read
it the way it is, but anyhow, okay.
So we have that, and
then we have our dietList.
And then once we say that,
and we'll come in here.
And once again, it's type of dietList,
and then it's accessing the array how,
via numbers because an array
is indexed via numbers.
So that's how you can try to remember it.
But yes, hopefully the TypeScript API
comes out with an easier way for
us to do this going forward.